what are your thoughts on this
match is fought against panama not by
the truth first of all very happy
and congratulate the whole group on the team
those who supported our family the
hobby that came but the truth is something
very nice was the first very complicated
and we always fight until the
final he became a great family and now
you have to enjoy the championship
I was expecting such a difficult game here in
the final yes yes we already had it in mind
it was going to be a very complicated match
but I think we take it from the best
way and thank God we were given the
triumph in the end already took the penal
with a tranquility they had practiced
that they had experience in mx league or
how was that question so that it would be
so easy
the mayor of periana I think that the
penalties is always something definitive and
we always practice the penal
and it was reflected in right now in the game and
in the training always at the end
we stay and thanks now
we all entered and congratulate the goalkeeper
José Rodríguez because the performance that
had was
what will be for you and your companions
raise the championship cup with
cat goes up forgiveness how important it will be
for you in these moments lift
the cup the concacaf sub 20 trophy
No, well, I'll tell you, it's very nice
the truth is my first is my first the
kim championship with concacaf coffee and
well the truth congratulate all my
Comrades, I tell you again because
they made an incredible effort almost
do
We are with chin or rem etxea captain of
The selection of panama chin do not reach
win the championship but it was a bit
more excellent by panama not
is happy yes first the grace of
another one for the interview was called
apart from me things and hardened
fighter we give 200% us for a
country for another family but you can not
take out the goal that was to become champion
but if we take out I say it's very
important that go to the world some
greeting for panama yes yes first
send a greeting to all my family
Panamanian game of a special person
what is birthday there
julia jelena that up here I want her
a lot without luck
do you think what is the feeling that
you have after winning this championship
sub20 of the concacaf
a feeling that is inexplicable the
true a great happiness this thanks to
God to my family and to the effort of each
one of my colleagues have achieved this
that happiness is inexplicable
I feel more enjoyment is sweeter for being
so difficult this final that was so
fought for panama yes clear the truth
it was a very worthy rival the truth a
rival who did not let fight the 90 minutes
both extra time and in penal
it was when everything was decided and liked
plus a final that is not so easy
the truth is to win the championship many
thank you, you are really the
doe
thank you very much here for having more than
right now
it was complicated today's game the
criminal account you played in the penal
had you ever thought about rescuing
his team has won a championship of
that way and it has always happened and the
penalties is what I like the most and thank you
to god thank you very much happiness